cli: edit: Edit records using DataFlowSource (#644)
intel/dffml: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]
### Added

> - `edit all` command to edit records using DataFlowSource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `edit all` command to edit records in bulk
```
